0.8
====

Fixed a problem where eventlet monkeypatching was inappropriately installed in child processes which use threads. This would result in certain operations (primarily DNS lookup operations) resulting in a greenlet "cannot switch to another thread" exception.

Changed the paste factory to use 10 worker threads by default, to match the paste default. Previously if the paste ini file did not mention how many worker threads to use, spawning would default to 0 and switch into cooperative, non-blocking mode.

Added a deadman timeout to child processes which have been told to exit and are waiting for outstanding requests to finish. If the timeout expires before all requests have completed, we assume the process is hung and kill -9 it. The default timeout is 120 seconds.

If an i/o child process dies with an exit code other than 0, the controller decides something must have gone horribly wrong and restarts all of the children.

0.8.1: Fix a bug where the reloader didn't work with paster serve.

0.8.2: In the svn reloader, watch both spawning's directory and the directory of the wsgi application we are serving. Also, fix the django_factory which was broken by 0.8.

0.8.3: For all svn repositories the svn reloader is watching, also watch any svn:externals repositories contained therein.

0.8.4: Fixed a bug where the controller process dying unexpectedly (such as from a kill -9) would cause the children to have an exception but then keep running forever, preventing any other processes from using the ports again in the future.

0.8.5: Fixed a bug in the svn reloader where files that svn reported as 'not under version control' would cause the reloader to crash and exit immediately. I now use svn's exit code instead of sniffing svn's output, which should also help avoid problems for anyone who is using a localized copy of svn, or if svn ever changes the content of these messages.

0.8.6: Fix a file descriptor leak that occurred when the controller reloaded. If your code changed enough times over the lifetime of the server (thousands of times) it would eventually run out of file descriptors and refuse to start up. Now the number of file descriptors stays constant no matter how many times the server restarts.

0.8.7:
  - In the svn reloader process, check to see if the controller is still alive, and if not, just exit.
  - Don't hold on to the web port at all in the reloader_svn process.
  - Add an exponential backoff to the controller's "panic" restart; useful if your code has an ImportError and the children can't even start up. Before spawning would restart as fast as possible; now it backs off the time between restarts.
  - If we can't import the wsgi app, panic.
  - If we can't fork a child process (out of memory), panic.

0.7
====

Added django_factory.

Add an optional worker processpool which can be used as an equivalent to the worker threadpool.

Added command-line script to launch a wsgi application, 'spawn'.

	spawn mymodule.my_wsgi_app
